Okeydokey we have one decent sized image and one very big oversized image.
So how we can render them exactly the same size or at least the second one.
Smaller than it is right now.
Now before we do anything I will right away I want to tell you that while this may be the fastest way
however you need to understand it later on you're going to learn better ways that some of them are going
to involve success and some of them are just going to involve cropping the image before we even render
it but I'm going to get into this in the next video in this video.
I would just like to show you how we can use attributes the email attributes in order to do that.
So first of all let's test that out.
How big is the image.
So let's say for the Udemy one once we Click on image notice the image is going to be rendered and there's
many ways how we can check it.
But first this one probably here you notice this is gonna be two hundred fifty nine by one hundred and
ninety four.
So those would be the pixels then for the left of our skin.
This is going to be bigger.
We have thousand by six hundred and sixty.
So we already know that we would be looking for something like this where we have to have hundred fifty
nine by one ninety four.
Now whenever we're working with an image not all so we are getting the source attribute and nailed.
We also have an option of height and the way.
And again this is gonna be very straightforward so as I start typing notice again we're getting a suggestion
that we're going to be looking for the height attribute.
Now also like I said we have with now if we're gonna type with a automatically is going to adjust the
height.
So with this probably even going to be the fastest one.
So if I'm gonna say let's say two hundred and sixty because I believe that the first one was two hundred
fifty nine and you know what I maybe wouldn't want to do this with the demi logo because this is already
rendered correctly.
So my apologies.
Let's get rid of the with the demi logo and let's navigate through the left up logo or laptop image.
Let's be more precise and let's add here that we would want with off 260.
Well let's notice what happened.
Sure enough I'm getting my with an eye right away like I said the height was adjusted.
Now if you still like to readjust the height specifically.
So let's say the height in my case would be something like a hundred notice.
Now I'm just going to make sure that the height this hundred but again if we're going to get rid of
this then obviously we're all just going to have the width and height is gonna be adjusted automatically.
And this is how we can basically the fastest way we can readjust the height and the width on the image
in page email.